Mom?
Does that uncle want to be my father?
Children, don't talk nonsense
Mom is waiting for a result recently.
If the results come out
Your dad should be back soon.
If he finds out that you call another uncle dad
He won't be happy.
Good mom knows it's wrong
Never call me dad again
Be good, let's go, let's go
Mr. Ji, please take a look.
Oh yes, I want to cultivate a new person.
Participate in the project of Ojiuwan
You go to notify the design department
Let them contribute campaign design
Those who are selected will be eligible to participate
OK
What's wrong?
Talk to him.
He wouldn't agree to my running for designer either
In his eyes
I'm just a woman who wants to get ahead by beauty
You can't tell him about it.
I have to do it secretly
Yeah.
Su Ran, have you also tasted the taste of not being able to love?
I want to capture Yan Ting's heart as soon as possible
Why did you come in without knocking?